[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>SHERRIE DILLARD: I grew up
seeing and feeling and knowing
more of an
extrasensory existence.
One of the things I
try to bring to others
is not so much to look at it and
to feel it as groundbreaking,
shaky, kind of scary, but to
look at it more as a comfort,
more as a way to find peace.
What brings us the most help in
life, what opens doors for us,
flings the doors open
is an act of courage.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Yes.
>>DILLARD: Listen and act on it.
Be the fool.
The truth of it is that anyone
who's connecting with spirit
and they know something,
there's a knowing of love.
I have come to the
awareness that there's
an acceleration happening
with our need to awaken.
Choosing truth, choosing
their authenticity,
and choosing what they
know in their heart
is right for them doesn't lead
to the ruin that they think.
It actually-- it leads to
power, it leads to mastery,
and it leads to abundance.
>>REGINA: You may have noticed
that people are hopping off
schoolroom Earth at alarming
numbers, and not just because
of COVID.
Why?
Sherrie Dillard, a medium of
more than 30 years and 50,000
readings is here
with us today to talk
about this and
everything else having
to do with passing from
one state to another,
especially how we can have
more effective communications
with our transitioned
loved ones.
And when I say and
everything in between,
we've got a lot to talk about.
Welcome, Sherrie.
>>DILLARD: Thank you.
>>REGINA: It's good
to have you here.
>>DILLARD: I'm
humbled to be here.
>>REGINA: So first of all,
I really like for people
to get to know my
guests beforehand,
just because people
who are mediums
always have a trippy
story about their youth.
So tell us just a
little bit about what
it was like growing up
into the abilities you have
and kind of how you were
handled by your family
and such so we just
get to know you a bit.
>>DILLARD: Well, like
quite a few mediums,
I was aware of spirit
from a very young age.
Part of my story is that I
had a sister who passed over
at birth right before I was--
nine months later, nine and
1/2 months later, I was born.
It's pretty impossible to have
happened, but it was very fast.
My mother had me.
And I was always aware of her.
I think that we must
have passed each other.
I was coming in and
she was going out.
And it never seemed to
me to be odd or unusual.
And I grew up seeing and
feeling and knowing kind of more
of an extrasensory existence.
So I never went through some
of what some people do where
it seemed to shake my world.
It didn't.
It just seemed
comfortable, normal,
and I really enjoyed it, so
much so that I almost wanted
to keep it to myself too.
I would go out into the
woods and I would just
feel what was there.
I would feel and
I would see, and I
would be able to have a sense of
peace with that, no matter what
happened in the day.
Because I came from a family
that was pretty dysfunctional,
and my mother worked a lot.
My father had left when
all four of us were young.
And that was my
solace, was spirit.
And I really am so
thankful for that.
And it's one of the
things I try to bring
to others is not so
much to look at it
and to feel it as
groundbreaking, shaky,
kind of scary, but to look
at it more as a comfort,
more as a way to find peace.
>>REGINA: And was your
family comfortable with that?
Because obviously, you would
say things as time went on.
You would share certain things.
Were they comfortable with you?
>>DILLARD: Not really, no.
But it was not
because specifically
of that connection.
It was more that I had a
way of seeing and knowing
things about them that I
didn't really recognize
at the time was intuitive.
To me it was just
obvious, and I thought
everybody was aware of
it, and they did not
like a lot of what I said.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
They were naked.
They were really naked
when they were with you.
And that is this--
I think for a lot of
people, their reticence
being around psychics, people
who don't go to psychics,
is exactly that.
I don't want anyone
looking at me.
Uh-uh.
>>DILLARD: Right.
>>REGINA: Everyone wants
to keep their secrets.
So we're going to jump into
you started doing this work.
How did you start actually
doing this, embracing it
in the last 30 years, and just
committing yourself to it?
>>DILLARD: Well,
I was-- actually
had no intention of doing
this professionally.
And like I said, it was almost
like when I was a child.
I wanted to keep it to myself.
I wanted it to be a
part of my world, part
of what I went to for peace.
And I was an artist, and
I kept getting the message
to work with people,
work with people.
And I would think, OK,
well, I will one day.
Give me a little bit
more time as an artist.
And I remember
bargaining about that.
No, give me till the
end of the season,
and then I'll work with people.
And I just kept prolonging
it, prolonging it.
And then one very
sunny, beautiful day, I
was driving down a
very uncrowded street,
and someone ran a stop
sign, and they hit me,
hit my car right at
the driver's seat.
Like, right into.
And I didn't have
a lot of injuries
because I had my
seatbelt on, and I was--
it was a pretty sturdy car.
But I had enough that I couldn't
do the kind of art I was doing.
I just couldn't.
My arms couldn't handle
it, my shoulders.
So basically, as my car
was spinning in the air,
because it actually spun
around, I said, OK, I get it.
>>REGINA: I hear you now.
>>DILLARD: I'll do it.
That was the very first thing
that came to me was, OK.
I get it.
I'll do it.
>>REGINA: And what's so funny
is I interviewed another medium
not long ago, and it was
a car wreck that really--
>>DILLARD: Interesting.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so it's
like, wait a minute.
You guys are psychic.
Why do you have to
be hit by a car?
Like other people, you're
like Dannion Brinkley,
hit by lightning three times.
>>DILLARD: Right.
>>REGINA: Or whatever.
But yeah, OK.
So even you guys don't listen.
>>DILLARD: Exactly.
We sure don't.
[LAUGHS] We learn to listen.
Right.
>>REGINA: So then you began.
And how did it start for
you when you first started?
I mean, you're relatively young.
And how did you start
working with people
once they said, OK, get
out there and do it?
>>DILLARD: It was
something that I never--
and I still don't have any
knowledge of how it happened
and how it still happens.
People literally started
asking me for readings.
>>REGINA: They just started
asking out of the blue.
>>DILLARD: Well, they did.
They would say--
I think I was already
noticing things about people
or just in conversation
saying things, kind
of as I was, again, as a kid.
And I think they said, wow.
How'd you know that?
I said, I don't know.
These things just come to me.
And so they said,
well, tell me more.
What do you think
about this in my life?
about that in my life?
And the medium story came later,
a little bit-- not much later,
because I really didn't
want to do that part of it.
But I was on a bus.
It was in Santa
Clara, California.
I was actually volunteering
at a homeless shelter then.
And a man was sitting
next to me who
was a little disheveled-looking,
but he had a suit on.
And as I was sitting
there next to him,
I kept seeing his mother.
And she kept saying to
me, tell him I love him.
Tell him I love him.
I'm OK.
And I thought, gosh,
he's going to think
I'm cuckoo saying that.
Your mom?
>>REGINA: A stranger.
>>DILLARD: Right.
So I turned to him and
said something to him,
and he started talking about--
he was on his way to
his mother's funeral.
And I said, oh, does
she have long, dark hair
and she died of a heart attack?
And she went pretty quickly.
And he was stunned,
and he looked at me,
and he said-- and I told
him, well, she loves you.
She really wants
you to know that.
And then I got off very quickly
from the bus, and that's--
again, I had learned from
the accident was, OK.
I'll start talking to
people when they come in.
>>REGINA: So you
developed a clientele.
They found you.
People found you.
And I love this
one story about one
of the skeptics that came in.
And so this woman came
in, probably cajoled
by a friend or something.
Just go do it.
She'll tell you stuff.
So she comes in defensive,
and she's like, well, I
want to talk to my mom.
How do I know you're
talking to my mom?
And you start describing what
her mom looks like, right?
>>DILLARD: Right.
>>REGINA: And you
were very specific.
She doesn't look
anything like you.
She's blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
And she's like, OK.
All right.
But how do I know
the stuff you're
telling me is from my mother?
Can you tell the rest of
the story about the pillow
cushions?
I love this story.
>>DILLARD: Yeah, there's
actually two funny stories.
That one was--
>>REGINA: So now she's saying,
how do I know it's your mom?
>>DILLARD: Right.
And what the mother
in spirit was showing
me was a stain that she had
made on the couch cushion.
And she told me to
tell her, she said,
oh, I know you turned it over to
hide it, but I know it's there.
>>REGINA: [LAUGHS]
>>DILLARD: And so that kind
of won her over completely.
>>REGINA: Right.
She's like, that's
beyond randomness.
That's one in gajillions.
What's another funny
story like that?
>>DILLARD: Well, one
very similar was--
actually, it was a German
woman, and she was from Germany.
She was very staunch.
You know, really wanted to
know and focused with me.
And she too didn't
really buy into it,
that I was talking
to her mother.
And her mother said--
and I'll never forget this one,
because it was so specific.
She said, oh, tell
her I know she's too
cheap to re-tile her kitchen.
I know there's broken tiles
that she puts things over.
And I told her
that and she just--
her jaw dropped,
because she, you know--
>>REGINA: That's how
you get their attention.
>>DILLARD: That's how
Right.
>>REGINA: I love it.
That's a great story.
So now let's just kind of launch
into kind of the phenomena
of what you're seeing at large.
And we can get specific
here and there,
but one of the things
you say is no matter
what the quality
of a person's life
was, doesn't matter what you've
done, once we transition,
you're met with this incredible,
all-encompassing love.
And this seems to be universal.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Talk about this a bit.
>>DILLARD: Yeah, absolutely.
It's a kind of love that--
it's kind of hard to describe,
because we haven't really
felt it that much
here as Earthlings.
It's a love that's
transformative
and at the same time--
you had said earlier
how people don't always
feel comfortable with psychics
because they may know things.
The truth of it is that anyone
who's connecting with spirit
and they know something,
there's a knowing of love.
And when we go over and we
become aware more clearly
of some of the
things that maybe we
could have chosen a
different way to do that,
or we could have chosen
to express more love
or forgiveness or
non-judgementalness
that love is a love that's
penetratingly truthful,
but the core of it is love.
It's acceptance.
It's non-judgement.
>>REGINA: Could
it kind of border
on what we would call
extreme compassion and grace?
>>DILLARD: Oh,
absolutely, grace.
That's very good.
Yeah, that's absolutely right.
It's grace is what it is.
>>REGINA: Because
we're all humans.
We've all screwed up.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: If not
now, another time.
>>DILLARD: And the
thing about grace
too is grace is a phenomena.
It's a transformative gift
of this higher awareness
and higher being.
So what we did here and what
it may have looked like,
we can kind of even
laugh at it sometimes,
because we see the humor even
of our missteps and the ability
to rise into a higher awareness,
because we can see that
and we can forgive ourselves.
It's like an opportunity
to practice that more.
>>REGINA: So there
must be people
who feel like they've
done some bad things,
and they have done things
that we consider bad on Earth.
Harmed others and such.
What's it like for them
when they move over
to the other side?
Because there must be
a little resistance
if there was ever a thought of
a life review in particular.
>>DILLARD: Yeah, absolutely.
>>REGINA: So what's
that journey like?
>>DILLARD: It depends.
Sometimes if someone is
really resistant and very
fearful about being what they
would think of would be judged,
they will sometimes not
go completely over too.
I mean, they'll pass over
out of the physical body,
but they won't go into--
there's kind of like this--
>>REGINA: Purgatory?
[LAUGHS]
>>DILLARD: Well,
it's not purgatory.
What it is is it's still in
the light, but their lack of--
there's so much resistance
there, they get bound up.
And so they don't
experience it--
>>REGINA: Is it in the
realm we would oftentimes
call ghosts and phenomena
that's still fairly physical?
>>DILLARD: It's a
little different.
Ghosts will cling
for an energy source
here in the physical world.
That's why they'll
cling to places
that have more energy, because
they're needing that energy
to remain in more of a--
>>REGINA: So they don't want
to let go of this world.
>>DILLARD: Right.
Now people who resist or
who are fearful to go over
don't always become ghosts in
the way that we think of them,
but they will kind
of be out there
with this resistance and feeling
kind of alone with it until--
something will always
come along from spirit
to open them to love, and then
the transformation will happen.
But yeah, you're right.
A lot of times ghosts will
come from that resistance.
>>REGINA: Because when you
hear of the more negative
poltergeist action and
so forth, oftentimes.
>>DILLARD: Right.
>>REGINA: So we talked
about it in the opening,
I brought it up that people
are dying in larger numbers
than we've been accustomed
to of all age groups.
Some of it is just
exasperation, fatigue, suicide,
chronic disease.
It's not just COVID.
So in your line of work, can
you talk about what's going on?
>>DILLARD: I thought
a lot about that,
because it has been a
phenomena in the past two,
three years maybe.
And it's been increasing much
more, especially with COVID.
>>REGINA: In young people.
>>DILLARD: Oh, gosh.
So many young people now with
drugs, suicides, illness,
tumors, everything.
Death is the great awakener.
And not only do the people
who pass over awaken,
but the family
and the loved ones
of those who've
passed over also go
through a similar
transformative experience.
And I have come to the
awareness through my guides
that there's an acceleration
happening with our need
to awaken.
And our resistance
leads to opportunities,
although we wouldn't think
of it as opportunities.
But from spirit, from
our soul perspective,
it's an opportunity for
incredible growth and opening.
And death, passing
over, is probably
the biggest event that happens
that awakens us and opens us.
And I think that if
we can consciously
choose to evolve right now and
become more aware that we're
on a soul path, then
it feels to me--
and what I've been kind
of given from my guides
is that we can come into a place
more balanced with passing.
But the resistance
that we're confronting
right now through our
own lack sometimes
of wanting to evolve, love
more, be more kind, judgemental
is actually intensifying the
number of people passing over.
>>REGINA: So when you talk about
the great awakening in this--
so we've passed
over from whatever.
Say we've taken our
own lives or whatnot.
Let's talk about the
life review process.
I want to talk about the
ways in which when we die
we're kind of ushered
here and there in a bit.
But let's hop forward to that
life review process, because it
kind of factors into this.
>>DILLARD: Right.
The life review, it's a space
with our most beautiful,
harmonious heart, our soul.
And part of the beauty and
the grace of the life review
is that we are allowed and we
get to see who we really, truly
are.
We experience that.
Simultaneously,
we view our lives
and we view the
times in our life
where there were choices that
we could make, and we did make.
And we see more so than
we're able to see here
a lot of the time how that--
and sometimes they're
very small choices too,
or we think they are.
But how that choice really
changed the trajectory
of our evolution.
And in that life review,
there's a process--
we talked a little earlier
about that non-judgement
and that love.
And the life review
really is a time
of immense love and immense
awakening and awareness.
>>REGINA: It's not
someone judging you
in the scales of justice.
>>DILLARD: No.
There's no judgement.
No.
There's awareness, but there's
no condemnation at all.
None.
No.
>>REGINA: So we go
through this process,
and what is the
most common theme
in what people find about their
lives that they didn't expect?
>>DILLARD: You know what I
found lately is powerless,
feeling powerless.
It's been coming up a lot
lately with people where they
thought they were powerless.
They thought there
was nothing they
could do that would change
anything in their life,
or they could not
speak their truth,
or they could not make
a choice that they
knew was in their
highest good out of fear.
Out of fear of, what
would happen to me?
What will happen to my job?
What will happen to
my relationships?
What will happen to my mortgage?
And what people I've
found in the life review
are understanding
more and more is
that choosing truth,
choosing their authenticity,
and choosing what
they in their heart
is right for them doesn't lead
to the ruin that they think.
It actually-- it leads to
power, it leads to mastery,
and it leads to abundance.
>>REGINA: So most people don't
make decisions based on that.
They make decisions
based on practical needs,
instrumental thinking.
And I have to do this
so I can get this.
You're always a few
degrees of separation
from what your heart's
trying to tell you to go for.
A lot of the population, a lot
of the people watching this
are already doing this, and
some are thinking about it.
They can feel something
as we're speaking
pulling on their heart to
make this decision they've
been resistant to.
And so you're saying, if we
can just have the courage
to make those decisions, we
have all the power in the world.
>>DILLARD: Let me give you an
example that happened to me.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DILLARD: I had been giving
readings for several years,
and I was separating from
my husband at the time.
I was so fearful of
separating because--
not for me, because I knew that
I could take care of myself.
I was really concerned
about my children's college,
of all things.
I was very concerned.
He owned a company.
He was doing--
I won't get into
the whole thing,
but there was a lot of
money that wasn't accounted
for that he was making.
So I knew that there was no--
I knew he would not
pay for their college,
and I didn't have the money.
And that was one
of the reasons I
felt I needed to
stay in the marriage.
And I remember talking
to my guides about it,
and I had this awareness.
There was no choice here.
And I do this still.
Whatever I become
fearful of, I go into it.
Because what happened
was I said, OK.
I have to go through with this.
It was not right for me.
It was limiting me.
For my own evolution, I had to
leave the marriage and move on.
And when my children's
college came up--
they were a couple of years away
from it, my son went first--
he got a full scholarship
to Cooper Union
in New York City, which
was pretty unheard of.
Four years, full tuition,
plus living expenses.
My daughter, two
years later, got
a full four-year scholarship
to UNC in Chapel Hill,
and then got a full scholarship
to a master's degree.
And you see what--
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, no.
This is a beautiful story.
And I think everyone watching
you right now can relate
to this and say, oh my god.
I've been making decisions
for that exact same reason.
And look what happened.
More than you could have
ever dreamed or imagined.
Your kids were
already so capable.
So I love that.
Thank you for
sharing that story.
That should embolden
some people,
because the things we
hang on to out of fear,
it's not serving us.
And for some people, it means
giving up their own lives.
Right?
They don't want-- they don't
want the powerlessness.
They don't want the fear.
They don't want to live
in a world they feel--
at large, humanity is
powerless right now.
There's a huge
overwhelm of feeling
powerless in the face of
larger events right now too.
So I can understand why
people are jumping off.
So they go through this and
they've made their choices.
I mean, they've looked at this
compassionate, grace-filled
review of their life.
And you were telling me
off camera, the things
that we think are so
important are almost never
the things that really matter.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
That's one of the things that
happens in the life review is
we become aware of the power
of fear, the power of taking--
one of the only things
that we actually have power
over is our own
evolution, but we
don't think of life that way.
We think of life as like
we were saying earlier.
But when we do
choose to be kind,
even little kindnesses,
even little-- and sometimes
the most power is in
the little things we do.
It could simply be noticing
someone who's in pain
and listening to them,
and being with them,
or sharing something that
we have with someone else.
It doesn't matter to us.
We have enough, so we
give to someone else.
Or knowing when there is someone
who is being unfairly treated
and being able to
stand up for them.
Those are the kind of
things that give us power,
and that changes the
course of our life.
During the life
review, we learn that.
We think when we're
living, like you
said, in the physical world that
the things that are important
are our big decisions about
career, how we're going to make
money, where we're
going to live,
what the car is
we're going to drive.
Now we all know that those
things are important,
but we act like they are
important when we're here.
And it's in our actions.
It's in our effort, in
our energy, because that's
where we're putting our energy.
It's where we put our
energy that matters.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
OK, so we've climbed
out of our body.
This particular journey is over.
And everyone has
a different idea
of what it's going to be like.
Do I get sucked down
a tunnel of light?
Who's going to meet me there?
And you say that
really so much of this
is so creative and based so
very much on our own desires
and beliefs.
Talk about that.
>>DILLARD: What we
encounter when we pass over
really has so much to do with
what we feel comfortable with
and what is a comfortable,
safe source of love for us.
So a lot of people
will experience--
and their family
will come to them,
because they have very loving,
close relationships to them.
Some people who haven't had
loving, close relationships,
maybe a pet will come that
they felt very close to.
For some, they may have
had someone in life
that they looked up to or an
evolved saint or a master,
a Jesus or a Buddha.
Whatever it is
that we really feel
that kind of love and connection
with is what comes to us.
Now simultaneously, there is
always higher beings with us
at the same time.
We're not usually that aware
of that unless we already
have a belief that that is
true, that there are higher
evolved beings.
Not everybody believes that.
And they're also there,
kind of guiding us.
And sometimes a little
silently than if we're
comfortable with them, but
we're never truly alone
once we pass over.
>>REGINA: I remember
just before my mom died,
she was already out of her body,
it felt. We couldn't really
sense her in the same way.
I couldn't anymore.
I didn't feel her around.
This was maybe the day before, I
think, or-- no, earlier the day
she died.
So I held her hand and
I held my sister's hand,
and we each held my mom's hand.
She was in a coma.
And that's what I saw.
And I was just thinking,
Mom, when she left,
has a totally different
mindset, so I'm
sure her experience was
completely different.
But I saw her at about 19 with
these beautiful, just tall
light beings in a little
semicircle behind her,
just patient and loving
and exuding light.
And she had such peace
about her and had
returned to this youthful
appearance, a time in life
when she was freer and happier.
And a friend of mine
who is quite intuitive
also checked in on her, and
he saw the exact same scene.
Now my mother probably
was going to Jesus.
>>DILLARD: Probably.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about how that--
I mean, do we even know
how this manifests?
Does it manifest as a projection
of your belief in imagination,
or is there something that
embodies these visions?
Or is it just a
field of love we're
bathed in that
creates what it is
we need to experience and see?
>>DILLARD: I think
it's attraction.
I think it's our
energy attraction.
It's our love attraction.
And our heart, because
if it's loved ones,
then we're attracting that
through our love for them
and our comfortableness.
It's true here in the
physical world, as we know,
that the law of
attraction is at work.
On the other side,
it's much more obvious.
Now when it comes--
and if someone has this
attraction toward Jesus
or toward a specific
saint or higher being,
that higher being
will definitely--
>>REGINA: Project an aspect of--
>>DILLARD: Oh, absolutely,
they will project an aspect.
Absolutely.
And be there.
And that's a
beautiful, wonderful--
you know, whatever
opens someone's heart
and helps them to
feel most loved is
what comes into form for us.
>>REGINA: Wonderful.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So what happens if
you're agnostic or atheistic
and you believe that when
you die, you're dust.
You go back into the ground.
What happens then?
Must be a surprise.
>>DILLARD: Well, at
first what happens
is that-- in my experience.
I'm sure it's
different at times.
There's so many
different possibilities.
But my experience, sometimes
they do kind of feel
like they become dust.
They kind of go into
a bit of a sleep
sometimes, like their
consciousness really
lacks awareness.
I mean, they are aware, but
it's like they're in auto.
They're just not--
>>REGINA: They're not anywhere.
>>DILLARD: Slowly, slowly,
slowly they start to wake up.
They're surrounded by love,
usually higher light beings,
kind of given the
time to wake up.
Sometimes it's very
slow waking up.
And eventually, the feeling
of love will wake in them.
And I've had so many people
on the other side who were not
believers that there was
another side that come in,
and they're always
laughing about it.
They always think it's
the funniest thing.
Well, guess what?
You were right.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so you say
also that sometimes when
people are struggling
with this transition,
whether it be, as we spoke
of earlier, fear of judgement
or maybe someone
who is atheistic
and doesn't believe there's
anything beyond the physical,
sometimes the person
left behind will
feel a kind of
heaviness of energy
about them until the being
has freed themselves.
Talk about this, because
I'm sure some of our viewers
have experienced this.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
I've had so many people
with that experience where--
and they've come to me saying, I
don't feel my mother went over.
I don't think my father did.
I can feel them.
I can feel
something's not right.
I can feel that heaviness.
What can I do?
How can I help them over?
What can we do?
Yeah, it's very interesting
that that's so true where
we can really get a sense of--
when we really are
close to someone--
I talk about it in the book--
is there's a synergy.
We actually exist within
the same energy bubble.
Our energy intertwines
with others.
We're not as individual
as we think in that way.
I mean, we have an
individual personality,
an individual soul identity,
but our energy fields merge.
And when we pass over,
there's a part of us--
I mean, that's one
reason why the passing
is so difficult too, because
that energy field starts
to really--
we can feel so
vulnerable and lost,
because we're not whole the
way we had been whole before.
It takes a while for our
energy field to heal too.
But what happens is that we can
feel what's happening to them.
We can literally--
>>REGINA: So it can
feel sticky and heavy--
>>DILLARD: It absolutely can.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So that's
a good thing for us
to be aware of, when we're in
the presence of someone who's
had some difficulty.
And speaking of
difficulty, in a lot
of religious and
spiritual traditions,
it said under no circumstances
should one commit suicide.
This is truncating your
life, which is precious.
But tell us what you
see when someone--
that's different than
dying of a drug overdose
or self-destructive behavior.
Maybe talk a little bit
about both of these,
because we have a fair amount
of it going on right now.
>>DILLARD: We absolutely do.
There's a lot of--
especially young males.
I mean, there's
certainly females too,
but in my experience,
it's been younger males.
A little older sometimes.
But most people who
commit suicide knowingly
take their life.
For one, they go into what
I would call, I guess,
a rehab as they go over.
They don't have the
complete freedom
that someone who
passes naturally have.
>>REGINA: What's that look like?
>>DILLARD: What
it's like is it's
this intense period where they
are watched over with love.
They're cared for.
It's like they're
cradled almost.
It's like the wounds, the hurts,
the confusion, the self-hatred,
all of that, it's like
they're held in these--
like cradle.
>>REGINA: So much despair had to
have mounted most of the time.
>>DILLARD: So much.
So much.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DILLARD: And it's like
this intensive period of love
and healing for them
and understanding.
And then they go through the
life review, which sometimes
takes longer if we've taken
our life, because that period
of time, we go a
little slower, looking
at the little tiny
things that we think
are tiny that
maybe led us there,
but we didn't realize
that's the thoughts we had
or the way we saw ourselves.
Instead of seeing ourselves
with compassion and love,
we began to have
somewhat of a self-hatred
or expected too
much from ourselves.
Now one of the
interesting things,
though, is that even though we
go through this intense period,
our life is not solely
how we passed over.
The quality of our evolution
is not just judged--
>>REGINA: Confined
to that one event.
>>DILLARD: It's not.
It's an event, and
that's all it is.
It's not coloring all
of what we've done.
There are people
who have passed over
through suicide who have
been the kindest, most
loving, compassionate,
sensitive people.
And what defines
them is not the act.
It's what they went through.
And sometimes--
it's interesting.
But sometimes they are met
with this incredible surge
of evolution because of
their sensitivity and caring
and love.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
>>DILLARD: Yeah, so we can't
judge, because everybody
who passes over through suicide,
it's a different reason too.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I've lost a few friends in a
short period of time this year,
and one of them was
to assisted suicide.
And she was essentially sort
of in the same condition
as Stephen Hawking.
She was rapidly descending
to his final stages.
So she couldn't talk.
It was getting to
where she wouldn't even
be able to swallow anymore.
Couldn't do anything.
And she was able to communicate
just enough to her husband
through a finger on a text to
get the paperwork in California
ready for it to be legal.
She wanted it legal.
But the night before,
her kids and her husband
gathered around, and they
looked through the photo album
of their life.
And she could still
have a little bit
of a smile on the
side of her face.
And she smiled.
And when it was the time to do
it, she's like, let's do this.
She was so ready.
There were no tears.
There was nothing.
It's like, I'm ready.
And I can't imagine there
would be a lot of torture
around that kind of transition.
That's just, there's
nothing left of me.
Medicine can keep me alive,
but that's not me anymore.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
And that is much
different than somebody
who is leaving due to
a sense of self-hatred
or a sense of powerlessness.
What she was doing was
she was choosing power.
She was choosing a higher
form of love in many ways
and a higher form of awareness.
>>REGINA: And it takes
courage to do it.
>>DILLARD: It absolutely takes
courage to do it that way.
Absolutely.
So that's what I'm saying.
We can't really judge even
with suicide what really--
what's going on with the
individual and their path
either.
>>REGINA: Right.
And you have said,
because I read your book,
and you were talking
about people,
when they go through
this life review
as well, because
we want to look--
I'm only using the
subject of life review
so we can get clearer
reflection of our own need
to give certain emphasis and
priority to things that we
might be walking right
past and ignoring.
But one of the
things that came up
was the notion of dementia,
the notion of life review
if you were not in a
clear state of mind,
because so many people
have dementia now
and so many people
die with dementia.
So how does that look?
Because I recall you saying
people are not judged by things
they have no mind to discern.
That does not count.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Mental illness, dementia.
There's no judgement
of that whatsoever.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
Especially with mental illness
is that if someone goes over
and they struggled
with that quite a bit,
and like you said, maybe made
decisions, choices, act took
actions that they were
not in a balanced state,
they were not in
their whole self,
they immediately go into
a pretty intense healing
and love also to help them
to come back into balance.
Now what's interesting is
karmically, sometimes someone
will choose mental
illness or choose dementia
as a way to learn how to have
more compassion for someone
in that state, to allow
more help into their life,
to allow people to be there
for them, to be cared for.
They may have in other lifetimes
had lives where they didn't
give to others and
they needed to learn
and to feel what that is like.
Or they may have done things
that harmed others in some way,
so they come and they have to
experience more vulnerability
to really understand the
true power of kindness.
Nobody who had-- there's
no surprises when
we come in on a soul level.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DILLARD: There's none.
>>REGINA: None.
>>DILLARD: None.
>>REGINA: We know what
we're getting into.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
And we've chosen it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now-- and this rubs a lot
of people the wrong way,
because they think, no.
Life isn't fair.
Why would anyone come into
a family of abuse like that?
>>DILLARD: Right.
And I've thought that.
>>REGINA: But the reality is we
are aware when we take a body.
>>DILLARD: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so
there's a reason
we've chosen it for our
own learning or experience
or maybe karmic
adjustment or something.
>>DILLARD: Mm-hmm.
Absolutely.
I spent years saying
that same thing.
Why would I have chosen that?
When I first started
to understand
that we did have a choice,
I wanted to reject it,
because I thought, I would
have never done that to myself.
Why-- I would have never
done that to myself.
And then I came to realize--
and it's taken-- it's part of
my life journey is understanding
this has been--
again, it all comes
to power, that I--
it's been a struggle
especially in relationships
to be in my power.
And that's why I chose that.
>>REGINA: To learn.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You talk
about service groups.
We were talking about
the beings of light.
We were talking about--
there are beings who are
born on this planet who
are here literally to
help guide with light
and be of service, both
here and on the other side.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
And I say this because so
many people feel alone,
and they're not.
They're not alone here.
And how do we start
recognizing those here
on Earth who are of those
service groups who are here
to help us?
We already talked about
how we recognize them
on the other side.
But how do we recognize
the help that's right here?
>>DILLARD: Mm-hmm.
That's a very good question.
Well, let's talk first
about the service groups.
Service groups
can be-- sometimes
there are people who pass
over to go back to a group
to be of service here, because
they realize that what they're
doing here is their
desire to be of service,
but their options
are more limited
than what they would
like to experience.
Because once we go
over and we become
part of a soul
group, our ability
to influence and to
really give so much,
it definitely increases.
So one--
>>REGINA: I mean, you may
have a hard-headed client
on the other side
that's not hearing you,
but you have more to work with.
>>DILLARD: Right.
Now sometimes through
synchronicities,
that's one of the
biggest ways that we
can recognize that
there's something at play,
is that things just happen.
Opportunities come up.
And sometimes-- I think that
you are one of those beings.
I think that you enter someone's
life when you just know it.
You know it's time.
You know it's time to take
another step, to be there.
That's what your intuition is.
It's guiding you.
You're working with a
bigger soul group that
is helping you to know
that, to broadcast that
to you a little bit,
and you're acting on it.
One of the things about people
that are part of soul groups
is they do tend to
be more like you.
They do tend to be people
that not just hear it, but act
on it.
>>REGINA: So that's
the real key component,
because we all hear it.
>>DILLARD: We all hear
it, but who acts on it?
Acting on it is very
different than knowing it.
>>REGINA: That's a
very good point too,
because we always
talk about, well,
if we just open up and if we
can just listen to our guides--
but you're right.
If you don't act on it, then
it's a wasted opportunity.
And acting on it can be
very inconvenient and even
embarrassing on Earth life.
>>DILLARD: Oh, gosh.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: I mean, I've certainly
been embarrassed plenty
by the things I've taken up.
So talk about that
a little bit more
for people who are
really quite intuitive
and they hear these messages.
But just reiterate
one more time the need
to step forward into
what we're being shown.
>>DILLARD: I talked about
this in my very first book,
"Discover Your Psychic Type."
What brings us the most help in
life, what opens doors for us,
flings the doors open
is an act of courage.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DILLARD: Oh, it's
an act of courage.
If you want to get
your guide's attention,
if you want the heavens
to pour down on you,
listen and act on it.
Be the fool.
>>REGINA: That's-- oh, god,
I've said that so many times.
You have to be OK
with being the fool
and letting people laugh at you.
And I mean, that's so important.
And so I really appreciate
your sharing that,
because there's so
many people sitting
on the precipice of wanting
to take action, but not
ready to be the fool just yet.
Be a fool.
>>DILLARD: Well, and people
want spirit to come in
and to say, OK, here's the path.
This is the steps you take.
Everything's going to be OK.
This is-- spirit
doesn't work that--
they will a little bit
at first, because they
want to get our attention.
And then we're like,
oh, yeah, this is good.
Let me-- I'm going
to talk to spirit.
Well, then they kind of--
OK.
Well, wait a minute.
We're not going to
do everything here.
Here's the darkness.
Walk into the darkness.
Take that step.
Let's see how you
do with that one.
Let's see about your
trust on that one.
>>REGINA: Let's see
about your commitment.
Oh, this is about commitment.
I've forgotten that
very, very famous saying.
Once you commit
yourself to something,
essentially all the forces in
heaven come in to help you.
But you have to take
that step to commit.
Whatever it is, you
have to commit to it.
So we only have a
couple minutes left,
but I wanted to talk about this.
When we're going through grief
of the loss of our loved ones,
you say that's a
wonderful time for us
to blow open our own
intuitive capacities
and begin to
communicate with them.
Let's spend the rest
of our next few minutes
talking about how we can most
effectively allow ourselves
to be blown open
and communicate.
>>DILLARD: Well, we go back
to what we talked about
at the beginning about
evolution and death as the great
awakener, because--
let me tell you a story
that's such a good story,
is that-- it's a current client
of mine who lost her son,
and he had an incredibly
planned out suicide.
Incredibly planned out, and
shut her out of his life,
and he committed
suicide in a very--
a way that was just devastating.
And her life, of
course, fell apart.
She's a physician.
Now the path that she took
with that was incredible.
I've never seen anybody
in all of my years
embrace transformation
like she has.
Unbelievable.
Embraced it in ways that she
stopped doing as much work.
She pulled back.
She started
meditating every day.
She started talking to him.
She started noticing
synchronicities.
She wanted to do past lives with
me, which I kind of wanted--
I know enough about
what she was wanting
to do to kind of let a little
bit more healing happen.
Now she wants to walk
around Europe on foot,
because she feels that
she needs to be outdoors
walking to hear him better,
to be part of spirit, to heal.
>>REGINA: And what did you
find about that when you talked
with him on the other side
after this devastating,
planned out thing?
He's there for his mother now.
And why did he do it?
>>DILLARD: Oh, he is--
the synchronicities
are incredible that she's
experiencing, and from him.
She absolutely knows.
He had a very hard time with--
he had high expectations
for himself,
and he was very much a control--
control, control, control.
He also, I believe, had
an imbalance in his brain
that we have not-- doctors
were not able to identify.
And it kind of focused
all of his energy
in a part of his brain
that was really damaging
to him and his self-esteem.
It's very complicated,
his passing.
And that's one thing
that's happening.
The vibrations-- there's so
much frequency changes now.
I know we don't
have a lot of time.
I won't get into this.
But imbalances are
more common now too
because of some of the
frequency shifting that we're
experiencing globally.
And he had some of that.
He was a good example of that.
But I bring that up because
she embraced the spiritual path
like no one I've ever seen
embrace the spiritual path.
And that is healing him as well.
He's healing and she's healing,
because this transformation
for both of them, they're
as connected as they--
unbelievably.
And she's the type of
person too who has courage.
Incredible courage.
And I know that she is
going to make a huge impact
on other people's lives.
Huge.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
Thank you for
sharing that story,
because a lot of people--
it's funny.
I know so many people
who've lost sons.
>>DILLARD: So many.
So many.
>>REGINA: Not daughters.
Sons.
>>DILLARD: Sons.
>>REGINA: The boys aren't
knowing what their place is.
The young men don't know.
>>DILLARD: The male
and female is changing.
You know, energetically, female
energy is coming in stronger.
>>REGINA: Coming into
the dominant position.
>>DILLARD: And we have
to take care of males,
believe it or not, with their
evolution even more now.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>DILLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Very good point.
So tell us just what you would
say in brief for any one of us
who is in the process
of losing someone
or soon will lose someone
to their transition out
of physical view.
We know they're still with us.
Tell us what we can
do to have the most
effective communication.
>>DILLARD: Well, the first thing
is to allow yourself to grieve.
Allow yourself to grieve.
Don't try to make it fast.
Don't try to think
yourself through it.
Pour your heart out.
Open your heart.
Feel all the grief,
all the sadness.
As much as you can handle, let
it up, because it's the grief--
behind that grief as it
comes up, there's space.
There's opening.
And in that opening, you can
ask for the love of the heavens
to fill you, for the
comfort of the heavens.
And that's the
transformation also.
And to speak and talk
to your loved ones.
Again, courage.
Sometimes we-- oh, we can't.
People think I'm kooky.
Well, who cares?
Talk to them.
Ask them to be with you.
Ask them, and they will.
>>REGINA: And they will.
>>DILLARD: And they will.
Right.
>>REGINA: Sherrie,
thank you so much wisdom
and for sharing some both
personal and anecdotal stories
with us, all of them which
I felt were very impactful.
I really appreciated it.
>>DILLARD: Thank you.
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: Sherrie's book is
titled "I'm Still With You."
She isn't taking
new sessions now,
but you can still reach out to
her through sherriedillard.com.
But you can pick up the book and
learn how to do a lot of this
yourself.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]